Hello?
What did you want to talk about?
You said you wanted to talk.
Let's break up.
Why are you being like this, seriously?
You saw it coming.
Let's break up.
EPISODE 6
You really want to end things?
Yes, I do.
You actually want to break up?
How many times must I say it?
Can you actually do it?
What do you take me for?
What is the reason?
Why are you doing this?
Are you mad that
I'm the one breaking it off?
I've heard you say it
so many times over the years.
Don't worry.
If anyone ever asks,
I'll say that you dumped me.
Right. You've heard it many times
but never took it to heart. So why now?
Don't even think of using my parents
as an excuse.
As you said, it's not like
we started dating with marriage in mind.
The topic was brought up naturally
with time.
Whether they disapprove of you or not
can't really be the reason.
Then let's break up without any reason.
Jeong-in.
I have nothing else to say to you.
I have nothing to say,
and I can't really talk now. I have to go.
Hey.
Damn it.
You're still here.
I didn't want to be yelled at.
Couldn't you just play dumb?
When Yeong-jae comes back,
I'll list some excuses and leave.
You don't have to leave.
But you have a lot on your mind,
and so do I.
I'm bringing this up just in case.
This has nothing to do with you.
How should I put this?
The woman I'm attracted to
is breaking up with her boyfriend,
but I can't be happy about it.
I don't know how to describe this feeling.
Are you afraid that I might pester you
even more from now on?
I know you think I'm quite random
and that I make you flustered at times.
There must've been times
you thought I was going overboard.
Thinking back,
I don't know when this confusion began.
But instead of trying
to sort it out quickly,
I just wanted to avoid dealing with it.
And I was your punching bag every time.
Right, so thank you for that.
I keep thinking that this may be
too much of a hassle for your sister.
No, I told you it's fine.
She's very straightforward.
She would've said no
if she didn't want it.
She doesn't seem like the type to do that.
Then what about me?
Come on, what now?
You've been observing Jeong-in,
but not so much me?
I should just go hit on the pharmacist.
You said he likes someone.
Hey, don't bring that up.
Why not?
Just because. Don't bring it up, please.
- But why?
- Just don't. Seriously.
Please don't, okay?
I heard you're head over heels
for someone.
Who told you that?
This guy here.
Hey, Jae-in.
You can scold her.
She's much younger than you.
No, it's all right.
What's wrong with it?
We shouldn't be ashamed of such feelings.
Right?
Yes, you're right.
What's she like?
Why are you so attracted to her?
Jae-in.
I'm not asking you.
What's her charm?
She's such a fool.
What do you mean?
Do you like girls who are stupid?
Are you stupid?
- Goodness.
- Hey, Jae-in. You're drunk.
She talks in French sometimes
when she's drunk.
Mr. Pharmacist
spoke gibberish to begin with.
This is already empty.
Let's drink until we drop!
Hey, you're drunk.
Stop acting like you're my mom.
Yes.
Why are you still awake?
Yes, right.
- Over there.
- Yes.
Really? Yes.
Yes.
Gosh, it's not good
that you keep waking up.
Daddy, were you asleep too?
- No, I'm not in bed yet.
- Why not?
What?
Daddy, why aren't you talking?
Well, I'm...
I'm at my friend's place now.
Are you at the teacher's place?
No.
Eun-u, you should go back to sleep.
Let me talk to her.
For what?
Why do you want to talk to her?
Eun-u, you should go back to sleep
so that you can...
Hello?
Hi, Eun-u.
Yes.
A quail's egg.
Eun-u, you need to go to bed early
so that you can grow taller.
You'll outgrow your dad?
Then you should go back to sleep now.
You were reading a book about dinosaurs?
Okay, Eun-u.
I'll see you in your dream.
All right. You can have
a good night's sleep, right?
Pull up your blanket.
Yes.
Okay, see you soon.
Yes, your daddy will go home soon.
Give me that. I'll do it.
I can do that.
- No, I'll do it. I like doing this.
- Really?
I got this.
- Don't put too much on the grill.
- All right, I'll stop now.
- Hey, pour me another one.
- Sure.
It's so good.
Don't eat that. It's not cooked.
I can never tell what's ready to be eaten
and what's not fully cooked.
This isn't fully cooked yet.
Who's here at this hour?
Who could it be?
Isn't that Gi-seok?
Well...
Don't come out. Stay here with them, okay?
Jeong-in.
Did you drink?
Why are you here?
It's Jeong-in's boyfriend.
Don't mind them. Let's drink.
- What are you thinking?
- Nothing.
Pass me the booze.
I understand
that you've made up your mind,
but you need to at least keep
the basic manners.
Is this really it?
We have no respect for each other,
so who cares how our relationship ends?
I said I know that your feelings are hurt,
didn't I?
Then we should try to make things work.
How could you want to end things
right away?
Are you going to keep
raising your voice at me?
Shall I make all my neighbors come out?
Let's go somewhere else and talk.
I have nothing to say to you.
Hey.
Don't do that.
What's going on?
We should probably leave, right?
If we go now, things will get awkward.
I said, let go!
I'm coming back in.
Our neighbors might complain, you know.
We have guests over now,
but why don't you come in
and get your relationship evaluated?
- Come on in.
- Jae-in.
You said they're my guests.
Earlier, you said
I can treat your place as if it's my own.
Who's here?
They're my guests.
- Come on in and see for yourself.
- Go back inside.
I said, go back in.
Your guests are waiting.
I let you have time to think.
Didn't I?
It's my turn now. Give me some time.
Breaking up like this...
It doesn't make any sense.
Let's go.
What's up with Gi-seok?
Why show up unannounced and ruin the fun?
No, Jae-in. We were going to leave anyway.
Come on. Let's go.
This is so annoying.
Have fun with your friends.
- Okay.
- Good.
Gosh, tell me already.
What did you and your daddy
talk about secretly?
I talked with the teacher.
Your daddy was with the teacher?
Yes.
I see. Then what did you
and the teacher talk about?
She told me that I need to go to bed early
to grow taller.
Eun-u, is the teacher a woman?
It's not a guy?
All teachers are women.
MIYANG KINDERGARTEN
- Hello.
Hello.
Eun-u, let's bow to each other. Hello.
- Come on, let's bow. Hello.
- Hello.
- We'll be off, then.
- All right.
Have a nice day, Eun-u.
Eun-u, say bye to your grandma.
Let's go.
What's the matter?
I think Ji-ho is seeing someone.
Did you hear me?
Just pretend you don't know about it.
I don't even know anything
about this lady.
It sounds like she's a teacher.
I guess she works at the library
he took Eun-u to a while back.
He'll tell us when the time comes.
I was going to ask him about meeting
the daughter of the corner store owner.
He always takes care of things
on his own, you know.
Where are you coming from?
I had to attend a meeting
with the Principals' Council.
What was the meeting about?
We discussed how we shouldn't accept
every request
made by the Parents' Association.
In other words, don't be a pushover?
Right. Unilateral abuse of power
is unacceptable
in this day and age, you know.
I'll submit a report regarding it.
Wait, let's go for a walk.
I should hurry back to write the report.
Why are you in a sulky mood?
What do you plan to do
after you retire next year?
I don't really have a plan yet.
How would you feel
about working for the foundation?
Wait. Do you mean...
Wouldn't it be better for you
to stay in the same industry?
Yes, of course.
No matter what it is,
being able to work, in and of itself, is
something we all should be grateful for.
And about our kids...
Yes.
It's the same
for my son and your daughter.
We never know
whom they'll end up marrying.
Marriage is a major life event,
so we should really think it through.
If we aren't careful,
it can end badly for both families.
Understood.
Let's not make a rash decision.
Okay.
It won't rip like that.
I'm losing it.
There are some books that are missing.
Maybe they haven't been returned yet.
No, brand new books are missing.
The Dinosaur Expedition, Dinosaur World.
I took them.
I meant to expense them,
but I totally forgot about it.
They're all children's books.
I took them for my nephew.
You don't have a nephew, though.
It's my cousin's son.
I'm off to the reference library.
- She was flustered, right?
- Yes, very much so.
You saw the photo of my friend's cousin.
You really don't want to meet her?
Leave him alone. He thinks too much,
so it won't go anywhere.
I'll be off, then.
- See you tomorrow.
- See you!
- Get home safely.
- Bye.
What?
I keep forgetting the old Ji-ho.
You used to be high-spirited
back in college.
You were fun, smart, and competitive.
But back then...
Because you didn't have Eun-u?
No one's life goes as planned.
Sometimes, it takes an unexpected turn,
and things you never thought would happen
may happen to you.
Your life did change significantly
because of Eun-u,
but you shouldn't be pessimistic.
- I never was.
- And that's why I'm impressed by you.
I wasn't asking you to flatter me.
Since I'm a parent myself,
there's one thing I can tell you for sure.
You are raising Eun-u,
but he has actually helped you grow up.
But why do I feel like you're going back
to your immature self these days?
If I'm mistaken, just forget what I said.
There's someone I like.
Her situation is different from mine.
Plus, things that feel like obstacles
keep happening.
"Is it a sign
that I shouldn't pursue this further?"
I keep thinking that.
Are you sure you won't have any regrets
even if you let her go?
I can endure it all,
but she'll obviously have a hard time
because of me.
Don't kid yourself.
Is love some kind of charity work?
Sacrificing all alone
is a foolishly selfish act.
It's not love.
You've suffered enough.
You've punished yourself enough.
Ji-ho.
I'm asking you this as your friend.
Can I see
that high-spirited version of you again?
- Shall I really get myself in trouble?
- My gosh, how scary.
Let me say this one more time.
You can't get out of this marriage, okay?
Also,
the divorce will only work against you.
You're the successful,
elegant news anchor, Lee Seo-in.
What will you do
if that image is tarnished?
I didn't know you cared about me
this much.
Of course I care about you.
You'll be my wife forever.
I'll be back soon,
so pull yourself together.
Also...
I invited Jeong-in and Gi-seok over.
Call me when you have the date.
If you ever mess with my sisters,
I will kill you.
My, I'll be looking forward to it.
You got me all excited.
I hope all goes well.
SI-HOON
Pick the date to invite them over.
The rumors are rampant.
Will I lose this spot?
No way. You're good at your job.
Is something really going on?
I heard it's a scandal.
It won't let you down.
Do you really have to do this?
Word has already spread
throughout the company.
Who's the jerk that's spreading rumors?
Please accept it.
I don't want to cause more trouble
for the company.
Tell me what the problem is.
The company is here for you.
If it's something we can stop,
we'll do it.
You can't even silence a couple of people.
Well, that's...
You turned down the offer
for the single-host show,
so to find out what was going on with you,
I just wanted to discuss... Damn it.
Fine, whatever. So what's your plan now?
If you keep denying it like this
but end up joining
another network later on, I'll...
I already told you that will never happen.
I want to study.
Study? Are you planning to study abroad?
It can be anywhere.
Okay. If that's the case,
the company offers a training program--
I want to keep it personal.
I'm sorry.
Please go ahead and process
my letter of resignation.
Don't you think
you're too proud of your work?
I certainly have a natural talent in this.
Don't you think so?
When I said you should learn it,
you kept saying no.
I've never missed a single class
because this was your idea.
Do you still have the side dishes left?
Yes.
The stir-fried anchovies
turned out quite bland this time.
Shall I make some jangjorim?
I had to hang all the clean laundry,
so I didn't have time for coffee
this morning.
What is it?
Just tell me. You know I can't be away
from my desk for too long.
I'm not trying to take his side,
but I found out
that your dad had his reasons.
It sounds like Mr. Kwon
will create a position for your dad
at the foundation when he retires.
So?
Are you saying
I should make sacrifices for Dad?
You're getting all riled up again.
I'm telling you this
so that you can understand him better.
This is what happened with Seo-in as well.
That's why I don't want to understand him
even though I can.
But in your case,
not everything is your dad's fault.
Is it your dad's fault
that your relationship is rocky?
Did Gi-seok cheat on you?
Gosh, please.
Right.
He has a temper,
but he'd never cheat on you.
You don't need to see me out.
Go back inside.
- Mom.
- Yes.
Just a second.
For the side dishes.
I'm actually bribing you.
Don't betray me like you did with Seo-in.
Hey, let's be honest.
When she was getting married--
What I'm saying is,
be on my side no matter what.
What do you mean?
Are you about to cause
big trouble or something?
Well, just in case.
If anything happens,
try to understand me.
What are you doing?
You shouldn't betray me either.
Don't pretend everything is okay
and hide problems from me
like Seo-in is doing.
I can't do that.
Worrying you is my specialty, you know.
At least you know. Go back inside
and get back to work.
- Bye.
- Leave me out.
- Come on.
- You have a date, don't you?
- Gosh, no.
- Join us.
- Jeez, no. Have fun.
- We're off.
- Bye.
Give me that.
What's so hard about dropping this off?
Stop grumbling.
Who expects a pharmacist
to deliver supplements?
Hey, what are you doing here?
I asked him to bring this.
Look what you have to put up with
because of your needy friend.
We're going to grab a drink.
I have to go see my girlfriend.
- Have fun.
- Okay.
- Let's go.
What's up, Gi-seok?
Hey, I'll join you guys.
About the pharmacist...
If you're actually interested in him,
just tell me now.
What will you do then?
You really don't know the woman he likes?
When he and my sister
were in the room together,
you told me not to go in.
Don't get the wrong idea.
Look, Ji-ho was on the phone.
And you said your sister went in
to tidy up the room.
They could've explained that.
You did tell me not to go in.
Is he married?
What are you talking about?
Then why so secretive?
Hey, it's rude to talk on the phone
in front of everyone.
I can't believe you don't know that
when you've lived abroad for years.
If he were married,
he wouldn't talk in front of your sister.
- What?
- Well, you know.
Those two seem fishy, right?
Yes. I mean, no.
It can't be. She has a boyfriend.
I know, but...
Jeong-in!
Are you off to end it for good?
He canceled on me.
Could Gi-seok know about the pharmacist?
Don't think you're out of the woods yet.
I've said this before, but don't get
riled up and spill the beans.
The pharmacist isn't the only reason
behind the breakup,
so he really doesn't need to know.
But what if I get caught?
Will things get harder?
Hey, do you want the three of you
to pull each other's hair out?
By the way,
why did you suddenly cancel your date?
What's the matter?
Well, I want to
ask you something just in case.
I'm really asking just in case.
Sure, go ahead.
- A few days ago--
- Yes, I was at the apartment.
I knew you came by,
but I couldn't come out and say hi
because it got quite tense.
- By yourself?
- No, with Yeong-jae.
Yeong-jae and Jae-in are--
Right, whatever.
So you were at her house that day?
Is that it?
Unbelievable.
I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing?
Hold on.
What's this about?
Where were you and Yeong-jae?
Maybe later.
Yeong-jae and Ji-ho
were at my girlfriend's house.
Why?
She has a sister, remember?
Anyway, she and Yeong-jae
have gotten close.
Seriously?
Are you guys leaving me out?
I said I'll tell you about it later.
Gi-seok,
both of them have always been friendly.
They just wanted to be
comfortable around her.
I doubt they'd cause any trouble.
Why the heck are you overreacting?
I just find it funny, that's all.
The more I think about it,
the more baffled I am.
You said you sensed it, right?
Well,
things aren't great between us
so I went to her house.
She said she had guests, though.
I had already seen the shoes,
and she said they were Jae-in's friends...
but I could tell she had men over.
I got pissed because...
it seemed like she had someone else.
Wouldn't anyone think that?
Her guests turned out
to be Ji-ho and Yeong-jae.
It's hilarious, right?
Unbelievable.
If I had known it was you,
I would've gone in
and buried the hatchet with Jeong-in.
I guess I blew a good opportunity.
Why didn't you tell me it was you?
You're right.
I should've told you everything.
Exactly.
Wait. Tell me what?
Whatever it may be,
I should've told you the truth.
And?
Hyeon-su, just make sure
he understands, okay?
We didn't plan on going there
and nothing happened.
Of course. It's why I didn't tell you.
All right. Tell Ji-ho too.
Sure thing. Got it.
Okay, bye.
What is it?
Your sister's boyfriend
found out that we were there.
That was fast.
If things get more awkward,
I'll explain everything again
face to face.
- We're seeing each other a lot.
- Right.
I'm heading inside.
Jeong-in.
Your boyfriend is with the pharmacist.
What is it with you and the pharmacist?
Be honest with me. What's going on?
- What?
- You're the woman he likes, right?
Damn it.
Do you like him, too?
Jae-in.
I like him.
So the two men pining over you
are currently together.
- Gi-seok has no idea.
- He'll figure it out today.
He already could have.
Who are you calling?
Ji-ho.
No wonder he said you're a fool.
What are you going to say?
"Don't get close to him. Deny everything."
Are you trying to mess with him?
Call your boyfriend.
And what?
Why have you suddenly gotten so clueless?
Test the waters.
Just call him already.
Come on!
Unbelievable.
The sudden invitation caught me off guard.
When have you ever asked me to rush over?
Okay, I'll be there soon.
All right. Bye.
Are you off to see Jeong-in?
Yes, she's calling me over to her house.
Then you should go.
Remember what I said
about us going through a rough patch?
I think she's trying to make up.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
Gosh, don't be.
Your girlfriend's more important.
I'll pay for drinks today.
Can't you stay?
Are you nuts?
He already agreed to come over.
You talked about telling me something.
Were you serious about that?
Can't she come here instead?
Ji-ho, dude, are you drunk?
Let me look at you.
He's a goner.
He's completely wasted.
Wrap it up soon then, all right?
He seems to have had a lot.
What is it?
What's going on?
It's nothing.
Cheers.
It was my doing,
so no more misunderstandings.
It's not like I got the wrong idea.
I laughed hysterically
because it was so funny.
If I had known it were Ji-ho,
I wouldn't have felt threatened.
I doubted Jeong-in for no reason.
Hold on. Why aren't you threatened by him?
Well, that's because--
Gi-seok.
Jae-in will know sooner or later.
Ji-ho has a son.
He's a single father.
Actually, Ji-ho tried to
stop me from coming over here.
He told me to call you
to where we were instead.
Isn't he hilarious?
He must be drunk.
Right?
It'd be weird if he weren't.
Anyway, let's agree
to forget about that day.
It's like I said.
You said it was Ji-ho
so there's nothing to consider.
That's not right.
What?
You can't judge someone
just because he's a single father.
It's out of line to say that
he's not even worth considering.
I didn't mean it like that.
Unbelievable.
It's just that...
I almost got the wrong idea,
but since I know Ji-ho,
there's nothing more to talk about
regarding this incident.
So that's what you meant.
I guess I overreacted.
Darn.
If only you had reconciled with me sooner.
I ended up as the bad guy.
We're thinking about getting married.
Can I count on your help?
What will become of us?
It's late.
Are you referring to us?
I didn't realize it until now.
I now know how to love you.
Let's be more in love.
I'll do better.
Okay?
Are you disappointed?
Yes...
with your boyfriend.
I feel bad for Ji-ho.
You should try to comfort him.
All this time,
he comforted me, though.
Have you made up your mind?
Just know...
that I have your back no matter what.
How about a hug?
WOORI PHARMACY
What are you doing out here?
- Isn't the weather incredible?
- It is.
Have you had coffee?
Would you like to get some?
Isn't Ji-ho at work yet?
He is, but I don't think
we should go inside.
- Why not?
- He's taking a serious phone call.
And with a woman, I think.
- That's all the more reason to--
- No, please!
All right, fine.
Honestly, I'm good.
That's the fourth time you said it.
Because it's true.
I was a bit pissed,
but I came to the conclusion
that you probably acted that way
to protect me,
so I'm all good now.
You could've yelled over the phone.
Why do something I'd regret?
Ji-ho.
Yes?
I'm sorry for liking you.
What a pleasant morning.
I was just going to
leave this at the front desk.
My meeting just ended.
What's all that anyway?
It's for your health. You drink too often.
You even did so yesterday.
How about we grab some coffee?
- You should get back to work.
- No, I have time.
We'll be back in about 30 minutes.
Let's go.
Aren't all those buildings being erected
with money loaned from the bank?
Yes, mostly.
You should cut ties with those
who cling onto you
just because you work at a bank.
You know me, right?
I never took out a loan with this bank
even though you work here.
You must be objective
with those closer to you.
Sure.
Blindly believing in them
will drive you off a cliff.
Got it.
Once Principal Lee retires,
I thought I'd have him work
for the foundation.
Why are you surprised?
I didn't know you believed in
Jeong-in's father that much.
Don't be absurd.
It's only because he already knows
how the foundation operates.
You're still dating her, aren't you?
Bring her over sometime.
What's with the constant wide eyes?
You once sulked about
how I didn't seem interested.
Unbelievable.
If you were going to eventually warm up,
why couldn't you have done it sooner?
Did you two break up?
No, I'm going to marry her.
I'll do it even if you're against it.
I never said I was against it.
I just told you to keep it casual.
Right, whatever.
Anyway, bring her over sometime.
Darn it.
Where did you park your car?
A car was parked in front of mine
in the parking lot so I took a taxi.
It's better since we're having drinks.
I'd rather just head home.
Okay, then.
Why won't you come and
at least have dinner?
Oh, well...
What kind of a response is that?
I'll join you guys then.
Hyeon-su, where are we headed?
Hold on a second.
You can ride with me, then.
I'll take Gi-seok's car.
Sure. Get in.
See you there.
You doing anything fun lately?
I'm cooped up at the pharmacy mostly.
Of course.
I hear you're seeing someone.
Even Hyeon-su doesn't know, though.
What's with all the secrecy?
Well...
Those are the good times.
She must seem like the world.
Not for you anymore?
It'd be weird if it still was.
There's no need to stare.
The honeymoon phase
is over in about a month anyway.
Once that ends,
you just keep dating each other
unless something happens.
You've been with her for a while.
Exactly.
That's how relationships are normally.
Things go smoothly
with only a few ups and downs.
But then you could fall out of love.
What do you mean?
One could cheat?
That could be an option.
I'd never cheat,
but I'd break up
with my girlfriend if she did.
How can I not when she likes another man?
You'll just let her go?
I wouldn't let go so easily
with my bruised ego.
I wouldn't get revenge,
but I guess I'd make a scene.
Is it her?
Answer it.
Go on.
How do you expect
to win her over like this?
Hello?
I was just about to hang up.
Can you talk?
Yes.
Is the pharmacy open today?
You must be at work then.
Are you going to stop by?
I have something to say.
What time do you get off?
I had a basketball game today.
Were you with Gi-seok?
I was.
Are you still with him?
Yes.
Then I'll hang up.
Why?
Ji-ho...
Don't hang up.
I've told you many times,
but I never imagined us breaking up.
My father wants to see you.
He really does.
I'd rather meet with him alone.
I asked you to help me move on.
Why must I do that?
Why should I care
if your heart gets crushed?
What I want is my priority.
Remember how you got wound up
on the day we had drinks?
Do you like my girlfriend?
I feel like I'm doomed
because my love for you
grows bigger by the day.
After time passes,
if you still feel the same way,
come to me then.
Just don't fall in love with anyone else.
When I finally make my way to you,
I promise to protect you
from all the criticism and judgment.
You can take as long as you want.
Just as long as you come to me.
I'll wait no matter how long it takes.
Subtitle translation by Hye-lim Park